docs: updated secured amount (#617)
aragon/aragonOS: readme.md

#### 🛰 Deployment status: available on Ethereum mainnet

> aragonOS powers over a thousand organizations on Ethereum mainnet, securing over $350M in assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aragonOS powers over a thousand organizations on Ethereum mainnet, securing over $350MM in funds.
```

MM is usually used to denote millions (M = 1000 as a roman numeral) :).

I've also just aligned the text to be the same as aragon/aragon.
